Serenity updates - October 2020 - Felix news (#784)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2020-10/6-Job-and-process-tracker-improvements.md

---
pim_announcement_img: ./img/new-in-the-process-tracker-grid.png
pim_announcement_alt_img: "New in the process tracker grid"
pim_announcement_audience:
- EE
- CE
---

# Jobs and process tracker improvements

Check our latest process tracker enhancements: a shortcut for a rapid access to quick exports job details, and a new sorting option in the process tracker grid.

## Easy access to the detail of your quick export once launched

> ::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Productivity" available="mid-October" link-to-doc="../articles/TODO.html"

Author: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Productivity" available="mid-October" link-to-doc="../articles/quick-export.html#how"
```

:::

When you launch a quick product export from the product grid, you can now easily jump to this task's progress detail in the process tracker. Indeed, you'll find a link to the job detail directly inside the flash message that confirms the quick export launch.

![Flash message with the direct link to the quick export detail](../img/flash-message-with-direct-link-to-the-quick-export-detail.png)

## Process tracker display enhancements

> ::: meta-data type="New" features="Productivity" available="mid-October" link-to-doc="../articles/TODO.html"

Author: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="New" features="Productivity" available="mid-October" link-to-doc="../articles/monitor-jobs.html#searching-for-a-job"
```

---
pim_announcement_alt_img: "TODO"
pim_announcement_audience:
- EE
- CE
---

# Jobs and process tracker improvements

> Follow the estimated time left for your ongoing jobs, quickly jump to the process tracker once you launched a quick export, and enjoy some enhancements directly inside your process tracker grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We made several enhancements to our process tracker: we now display a progress bar with the estimated remaing time before your job is completed, a shortcut to the process tracker when you launch a quick export and we added a new filter in the process tracker grid.
```

Author: Sentence construction is weird at the end. You have 3 things but only 2 verbs. And there is a typo at "remaining". ;)

Reviewer: I've rearranged the text and fixed typos :)
```suggestion
Check our latest process tracker enhancements: a progress bar and the estimated remaining time for your ongoing jobs, a shortcut for a rapid access to quick exports job details, and a new sorting option in the process tracker grid.
```

## Progress bar and time left for your ongoing jobs
::: meta-data type="New" features="Productivity" available="late October" link-to-doc="../articles/TODO.html"
:::

> In the process tracker, in the detail of each ongoing job, we now compute an estimation of the time left for each job step. A progress bar is also displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From now on, you will be able to see an estimation of the remaining time and a progress bar for all your ongoing jobs. 
```
Do you know if this applies to all jobs? imports and exports?

Author: Import and export. @felix-couprie Can you confirm?

Reviewer 2: Hello Nolwenn and Laure!
Yes, it applies to import and export jobs that are listed in the Notion page. Note that we way not be able to have the progress for every step when tracking a custom job.

Author: No future in sentences, @LaureBro. I suggest:
```suggestion
You are now able to see an estimation of the remaining time and a progress bar for all your ongoing jobs. 
```
